Add 2.5 blog (#11823)
prettier/prettier: changelog_unreleased/mdx/11563.md

#### [HIGHLIGHT]Add support for MDX 2 comments (#11563 by @wooorm)

> This adds basic support for MDX 2 comments (JavaScript-style comments) in addition to existing MDX 1 comments (HTML-style comments).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This adds basic support for MDX v2 comment syntax (JavaScript-style comments) in addition to the existing support MDX v1 comment syntax (HTML-style comments).
```

> Note that in MDX 2, more complex comments and whole expressions can be used inside braces.
> This currently only supports a single comment on one line so that `{/* prettier-ignore */}` can be used, but doesn’t support most of MDX 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: Prettier currently only supports the new comment syntax for single-line comments (so that `{/* prettier-ignore */}` can be used), and doesn’t support the rest of MDX v2.
```
